0.0.7

* Users no longer need to instantiate their own graph object. Just call the top-level connect() and run() functions.
* Minor breaking changes: You should now call graph_clear() prior to making a new set of graph connections in an 
  existing process (while running tests, for example). Users should no longer explicitly specify the "heads" of
  their graph. Instead, the system will treat any block with no inputs as a "head".
* The run() function now returns a "trace" object for inspection of the execution history.
* Graphs are now guaranteed to attempt execution in topologically sorted order.

0.0.6

* Fixed pip installer so that it can successfully find the contents of README.md

0.0.5

* Additional tests
* Fixed bug that arises in certain graph topologies when the blocks provide only a subset of the possible 
  outputs on a given iteration.
* Updated setup.py to obtain its "long_description" from README.md.
* Added CHANGELOG.
* Added dev_requirements.txt (use 'pip install -r dev_requirements.txt' if you wish to have Conduit installed
  along with its requirements for developers (e.g. the nose testing framework)

0.0.4

* Added the ability for a block to legally provide a subset of its outputs in a given iteration.

0.0.3

* Allow specification of start and end dates to the run() method.
* Fixed a bug in which the code would attempt to compare autogenerated timestamps with user specified timestamps.
* Added GeneratorBlock as a wrapper for easily encapsulating a python generator function in a Conduit block.

0.0.2

* Fixed bug at installation time.

0.0.1

* Initial release of code in progress.
